docs(testing): improve standalone testing documentation (#31313)
driftyco/ionic: docs/react/testing.md

If you need to add E2E tests that are only run on a specific version of the JS Framework, replicate the `VersionTest` component on each partial application. This ensures that tests for framework version X do not get run for framework version Y.

> ### Testing Standalone Ionic Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Testing Ionic Components
```

Tests for standalone Ionic UI components should only be added under the `/standalone` route. This allows for an isolated environment where the lazy loaded `IonicModule` is not initialized. The standalone components use Stencil's custom element bundle instead of the lazy loaded bundle. If `IonicModule` is initialized then the Stencil components will fall back to using the lazy loaded implementation instead of the custom elements bundle implementation.

> When testing Ionic components, use the exported `componentOnReady` helper from `@ionic/core` instead of calling `el.componentOnReady()` directly. The helper works with both lazy-loaded and custom-element builds, making it more likely the component has finished rendering before making assertions against its rendered DOM or running accessibility tests.

Reviewer: Rewritten to describe how components actually load in the React test apps, with the `componentOnReady` guidance kept as a note for if we add unit tests later.

```suggestion
`@ionic/react` imports every component through `defineCustomElement` from `@ionic/core/components`, so every test runs against the custom elements build.

These test apps are Cypress only, and Cypress retries assertions until they pass, so there is nothing to wait on manually today. If we add unit tests that assert against rendered DOM, use the `componentOnReady` helper exported from `@ionic/core` rather than calling `el.componentOnReady()` directly. That method does not exist on custom elements, so the direct call throws. The helper waits one animation frame instead, giving the component's inner contents a chance to render.
```
